hello in the traditional motion picture
story the villains are usually defeated
the ending is a happy one I can make no
such promise for the picture you're
about to watch well sure I'd love to
take off my hat it's actually my hair
you know I have lots of witnesses so it
is but hey it's mine it may not be
pretty but it's mine both Donald Trump
and Ronald Reagan had a number of things
in common including the slogan that
Reagan had used to launch his 1980
presidential campaign let us pledge to
each other with this great lady looking
on that we can and so help of God we
will make America great again thank you
very much
and we will make America great again god
bless you and good night I love you
I think he just brings an optimism back
to the United States that we haven't
seen since Reagan of all the presidents
in the post-war era Ronald Reagan was
the one about whom the establishment
Washington DC was the most apprehensive
before Donald Trump and Reagan black
Trump was perceived as an outsider an
American nationalists someone that
didn't appreciate the world so in that
sense the two of them were the two
figures I think who became president who
were the most feared by the National
establishment Reagan and Trump were at
the age of 70 the oldest ever US
presidents to be elected the two
right-wing Republicans have been
Democrats in their youth and both had
taken an unorthodox route to the White
House Reagan came via Hollywood and the
one they're all talking about you see
him delicious I started a sort of a
narrow flynn of the bean now wait here
folks
Catholics and I guess we get all half
charm and good looks - I need about
eight of those in 11 months
I was brave but in the kind of a
low-budget fashion New York City and in
this town the skies alone
I know Donald Trump as well the left low
culture
my name is Donald Trump and I'm the
largest developer in New York I built a
lot of buildings but I also own golf
courses Resort he was a billionaire
property tycoon hosted a reality TV show
even have a television show I am
officially running the President of the
United States the Donald
finally announced he was running for the
presidency after 30 years of heating
field and the severus doubts were raised
about his fitness for office justice
have happened with Ronald Reagan and
made a film about Reagan when he ran for
president in 1980 he'd served for eight
years as governor of California
America's largest state but he was still
widely seen as a trigger-happy cowboy I
hope it's not a Greek tragedy I
questioned Reagan at a rare press
conference coming up run from the BBC in
London do you have any doubts about your
ability to play the role of America's
leading man so I have any doubts about
my ability to play the role of a leading
man in America I've never thought of it
that way I left that profession I have I
have confidence based on my experience
as governor that I can offer a better
solution to the problems than either of
the men who are running against me
Reagan's campaign meetings are
expensively stage-managed spectacular
made for the television camera
I would like to take the lead in taking
government off the backs of the American
people and turning you loose to do what
I know the supporters Reagan was the
strong man America needed to stand up to
the Soviet Union and if other enemies
abroad for his opponents Reagan was a
war monger
he threatened to attack the Iranian
Ayatollah taken Americans hostage the
fifty US diplomats and citizens have
been held hostage for over a year do you
really think Iranian terrorists would
have taken Americans hostage if Ronald
Reagan were president do you really
think the Russians would have invaded
Afghanistan if Ronald Reagan were
president do you really think third-rate
military dictators would laugh at
America and burn our flag and contempt
if Ronald Reagan were president as with
Trump the prospect of Ronald Reagan in
the White House powerfully divided
opinion on both sides of the Atlantic
from the day that Reagan won the
election the metropolitan liberal elite
the media elite they condescended to him
they lasted him in fact at no point
during the eight years
did he ever ever concede that there
might be a decent point that Reagan had
to make I was afraid I was afraid and I
think most of my friends there we were
afraid how could a b-movie actor be
suddenly going to be ruler of the world
fear his finger on the button doddering
fake would you know have any idea what
he was doing
really it's great to be here on Saturday
life well it's great to be here on
Saturday anyway I'm here that's your
question so fire away fellows as I said
to the Sixth Fleet yesterday
mr. president what exactly are you doing
over here well sir let me answer this
way I don't know pretty smart for a guy
of 103 huh next answer please
the satirist squeaked in President
Reagan arrived in Britain like Donald
Trump today he had a woman prime
minister at his opposite number she
fiercely rejected Reagan's spitting
image in a way there was a love story a
political love story between market
Thatcher and Ronald Reagan they found
they believed in the same things the
same basic things low taxes strong
defense anti-communism we in Britain
think you are a wonderful president we
share so many of the same goal and a
determination to achieve them but you
summed up so well and alas I cannot in
imitate this wonderful American English
accent you ain't seen nothing yet
I've been President Reagan with them a
man who knew how to handle women is such
a lifetime handling beautiful women and
he knew what he took to do that she
responded very much to that she liked to
be treated as a woman not just as a
prime minister based on the career that
I once had before this one you are a
very tough act to follow the virtual
cognitive was fundamentally evil the
cognitive system needed to be brought
down and destroyed this poster parodying
the film gone with the wind was for the
most explosive love story ever she
promised to follow him to the end of the
earth
he promised to organize it but
surprisingly following mrs. Thatcher's
example Reagan made a u-turn and forged
a strong relationship with Mikhail
Gorbachev the reformist Soviet leader
this is over
the two men met in Reykjavik the
Icelandic capital and were to reach a
deal on cutting back their country's
nuclear weapons Donald Trump says he
wants to follow suit and have a meeting
with a current Russian leader Vladimir
Putin I think there will be a summit in
Reykjavik even which is quite
interesting not unlike the summit
between Reagan and Gorbachev some
decades ago where people were equally
pessimistic and yet what resulted
frankly the end of the Cold War and we
need an end to this Cold War so how does
the veteran US diplomat Raymond Sites
answer the great question about what is
the exact nature of trumps relationship
with Putin damn divine oh I can't figure
it out what is really president-elect
Trump's buell mr. Putin I don't think
he's scared to come over all soft and
furry and be out there allowing
President Putin to screw human then
you're off hand in hand into the sunset
no that's not going to happen obviously
it's not the admiration between Putin
and Trump is horrific I don't think
it'll last for any length of time
because they are both dangerous
narcissists very easily offended and
affronted and one way or another one of
them will rub the other one up the wrong
way it seems that Putin may well have
all sorts of blackmail Abul material
against Trump
the notorious leaked dossier with
incinerate allegations of Donald Trump
watching Russian prostitutes urinate on
a bed in the Moscow Hotel and then he
tapes of the so-called golden shower
would provide the Kremlin with classic
blackmail material if the story is true
it's all fake news it's phony stuff it
didn't happen it was a group of
opponents who got together sick people
and they put that crap together does
anyone really believe that story I'm
also very much of a germaphobe
by the way believe me okay fine Russia
hack the election are you happy mom next
question yes American journalist booth
Blitzer
you sure Russia was behind hacking
I mean maybe but are you really really
sure which ina
I mean Canada it was narrow street okay
this person mr. Nigel Faraj anything is
a shared feeling that we were two of the
most vilified people in the West Wow
well thank you a good evening
Mississippi if I think back to all of it
you know what were the big contributions
that I perhaps made all the
contributions I made towards the
campaign one was making brexit part of
the story something that he completely
embraced I think it's going to be a
brexit plus plus plus does that make
sense
Plus last I speak the Trump team and
Trump close advisers and even to
president-elect Trump himself none of
them think troubled one and lets brexit
that happened so you help me Donald
Trump RISM well it wasn't the direct
object at the time of fighting for all
those years for referendum but as a
by-product it was part of it yes I mean
there's no question about it that a lot
of us that supported Trump also
supported brexit and English
independence if they wanted it in and a
lot of the other countries if they want
to get out of the EU I mean we
understand that we wanted to get out of
the British Empire
Nigel parras got his reward by becoming
the first British politician to have a
face-to-face meeting with
president-elect Donald Trump while the
British prime minister Theresa May
waited for an invitation I look forward
to working with president-elect Trump
any British Prime Minister male or
female needs to get on with an American
president even if you don't like them
even if you think that half barmy you
really got to get over them because that
relationship is so important to the
United Kingdom I'm just very interested
to know your feelings before that
meeting and bearing in mind some of the
things that Donald Trump said about
women now I probably feel slightly
awkward reading this out but I do think
it's important to rehear what Donald
Trump has recorded saying in the past
which is about women when your star they
let you do it you can do anything
grab them by the pussy I mean forgetting
the fact that your prime minister for a
moment how does that make you feel as a
woman well I think that's unacceptable
but in fact Donald Trump himself has
said that and has apologized for it
whatever Trump's reputation I'm sure
that when mrs. May goes into the Oval
Office there will not need to be a
responsible adult in the room I'm sure
if he thought could it be happy
I thought you volunteer that way now I
really rattle you that was the talk
radio well every one
Donald Trump will go to Washington
tomorrow as a political virgin I mean
never before held any public office he
keeps in his own office a picture of his
hero Ronald Reagan had himself been much
maligned as a dangerous maverick so does
Reagan's record in the White House offer
clues about how the new president Donald
J Trump
will perform rowdy was the outsider and
he was a huge success Trump in some ways
is an even bigger outside of them Ronnie
was and yet I feel pretty but it should
I feel pretty optimistic for what he's
going to do
Donald Trump is even more frightening
than Reagan he seems wilder he seems
more Cavalier he may end up being
impeached within a very short period
within a very short time of his
inauguration on the other hand it may
end in tears for the rest of the world
if he was willing to pick fights with
anybody anywhere and his fingers on the
nuclear button God helped him they say
in Washington that it's the job of every
new administration to make the previous
administration look good and that won't
be hard for Trump to do I don't think